Drop image build and wait from prow (#1181)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/contributor/04-30-ci-cd.md

| Name                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Description                                                                                                                                                  |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [`Pull Request / Wait for image build`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/dda6608241107d653e68fec8503ce9489eab57f3/.github/workflows/pull-request.yaml#L40)                           | Waits for the operator image build to finish so that the image-dependent jobs can be executed.                                                               |

> | [`pull-api-gateway-manager-build`](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/7fdf5845e91b8f35329dfc42706f92b0995ca141/prow/jobs/kyma-project/api-gateway/api-gateway-manager-build.yaml#L6)    | Builds Kyma API Gateway Operator image and pushes it to the `dev` registry.                                                                                  |

Reviewer: The Prow job will still exist, we shouldn't remove it yet.

|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [`Pull Request / Wait for image build`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/dda6608241107d653e68fec8503ce9489eab57f3/.github/workflows/pull-request.yaml#L40)                           | Waits for the operator image build to finish so that the image-dependent jobs can be executed.                                                               |

Reviewer: As far as I understand, this was replaced with the `build-image` job.

Author: Yes, reverted too much, wait job is replaced by the build one, `pull-api-gateway-manager-build` still in there.

| [`UI Tests / Run UI tests`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/dda6608241107d653e68fec8503ce9489eab57f3/.github/workflows/ui-tests.yaml#L8)                                            | Runs UI tests for Busola extensions of the API Gateway module and APIRules.                                                                                  |
| [`Workflow validation / Ensure SHA pinned actions`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/dda6608241107d653e68fec8503ce9489eab57f3/.github/workflows/verify-commit-pins.yaml#L10)         | Verifies that all external actions are pinned to a commit.                                                                                                   |
| [`pull-gitleaks / scan`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/dda6608241107d653e68fec8503ce9489eab57f3/.github/workflows/pull-gitleaks.yaml#L10)                                         | Runs the Gitleaks scan to detect any leaks of secrets.                                                                                                       |

> | [`PR Build and Push Manager Image / Build and push manager image`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/8b3eb837f1474c2e35eb592afbc2e86f69b963f4/.github/workflows/pull-build-push.yaml#L44) | Builds the managers's image and pushs it to a GCP Artifact Registry so that the jobs running tests on Gardener clusters can be executed.               |

Reviewer: We probably also need to add it below `## Pipelines Running on Pull Requests to Release Branches` 🙈

| [`UI Tests / Run UI tests`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/dda6608241107d653e68fec8503ce9489eab57f3/.github/workflows/ui-tests.yaml#L8)                                            | Runs UI tests for Busola extensions of the API Gateway module and APIRules.                                                                                  |
| [`Workflow validation / Ensure SHA pinned actions`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/dda6608241107d653e68fec8503ce9489eab57f3/.github/workflows/verify-commit-pins.yaml#L10)         | Verifies that all external actions are pinned to a commit.                                                                                                   |
| [`pull-gitleaks / scan`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/dda6608241107d653e68fec8503ce9489eab57f3/.github/workflows/pull-gitleaks.yaml#L10)                                         | Runs the Gitleaks scan to detect any leaks of secrets.                                                                                                       |

> | [`PR Build and Push Manager Image / Build and push manager image`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/8b3eb837f1474c2e35eb592afbc2e86f69b963f4/.github/workflows/pull-build-push.yaml#L44) | Builds the managers's image and pushs it to a GCP Artifact Registry so that the jobs running tests on Gardener clusters can be executed.               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`PR Build and Push Manager Image / Build and push manager image`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/8b3eb837f1474c2e35eb592afbc2e86f69b963f4/.github/workflows/pull-build-push.yaml#L44) | Builds the manager's image and pushes it to a GCP Artifact Registry so that the jobs running tests on Gardener clusters can be executed.               |
```

| [`UI Tests / Run UI tests`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/3d10f7c7801f514524a267239924fdc889f2be3f/.github/workflows/ui-tests.yaml#L23)                                                        | Runs UI tests for Busola extensions of API Gateway module and API Rules                                                                                                    |
| [`PR Integration Release / Custom domain GCP`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/3d10f7c7801f514524a267239924fdc889f2be3f/.github/workflows/pull-integration-release.yaml#L88)                     | Executes the integration test suite that verifies the functional correctness of Kyma API Gateway Operator. The test suite uses a custom domain and a Gardener GCP cluster. |
| [`PR Integration Release / Custom domain AWS`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/3d10f7c7801f514524a267239924fdc889f2be3f/.github/workflows/pull-integration-release.yaml#L107)                    | Executes the integration test suite that verifies the functional correctness of the API Gateway Operator. The test suite uses a custom domain and a Gardener AWS cluster.  |

> | [`PR Build and Push Manager Image / Build and push manager image`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/8b3eb837f1474c2e35eb592afbc2e86f69b963f4/.github/workflows/pull-build-push.yaml#L44) | Builds the managers's image and pushs it to a GCP Artifact Registry so that the jobs running tests on Gardener clusters can be executed.               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`PR Build and Push Manager Image / Build and push manager image`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/8b3eb837f1474c2e35eb592afbc2e86f69b963f4/.github/workflows/pull-build-push.yaml#L44) | Builds the manager's image and pushes it to a GCP Artifact Registry so that the jobs running tests on Gardener clusters can be executed.               |
```
